docs: add release notes for 0.25.1 (#7850)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes.rst

 Version 0.25
**************

Version 0.25.1
==============

**Release Date:** September 11, 2023

**Breaking Changes**

> -  Fluentbit is no longer used for logshipping and configs associated with fluentbit are now no
>    longer in use. Fluentbit has been replaced with an internal log shipper (the same one that is
>    used for slurm).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Fluent Bit is no longer used for log shipping and configs associated with Fluent Bit are now no
   longer in use. Fluent Bit has been replaced with an internal log shipper (the same one that is
   used for Slurm).
```
